PenSerif is the family of a handwritten monospaced serif font.

I love glyphs of [DSE Typewriter](https://github.com/dse/dse-typewriter-font), it is released under [SIL OpenFont License](https://openfontlicense.org/open-font-license-official-text/), there is a text - 'The Font Software, modified or unmodified, in part or in whole, must be distributed entirely under this license, and must not be distributed under any other license.', I do not accept this text, so I have to not use OFL, and DSE Typewriter the font released under OFL. More than ten years recently, I have skills to writing serif-style characters with my hand, and I had an idea, that is saved my handwritten serif characters, so I set up a project to creating a font, and it is just named PenSerif. I want all ones may use this font for any way, and I knew that [public domain is not recognized in many countries](https://opensource.stackexchange.com/questions/15488/the-unlicense-outside-of-countries-that-recognize-the-concept-of-the-public-doma). In order to make PenSerif becoming complete freely for all ones, I choosed [Creative Commons CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode.txt), because it is a permissive licence and is applicable for works other than source codes.

This font will eternally paidless, freely and open.

I designed seven single-digit hexadecimal numbers, and stored them in E000 to E006. E000 to E006 are designed for hexadecimal, because I think styles of glyphs of latin letters A to F (or a to f) are not suitable for decimal number system numbers 0 to 9. The seventh (E006) is designed for indicating 16 (decimal) in single-digit mode, if you want to describe the value of 16 (decimal) in a single digit, rather than 2-digit 10 (hexadecimal).

Each file named 'PenSerif Italic.otf' is generated from the file named 'Penserif Upright.otf' within the same directory. The name 'Upright' is derived from the term 'upright italics' in [the document of FontForge](http://designwithfontforge.com/en-US/Italic.html).
